Update Game Instructions (#2)
jdhines/reviewing-a-pull-request: README.md

You can play the game at: https://githubschool.github.io/github-games/

### Instructions for playing the game

1. Press the space bar to begin.

> 2. Use the up and down arrow keys to rotate the shape.

Reviewer: I thought spacebar would rotate
```suggestion
2. Use the spacebar to rotate the shape.
```
